docs: Add Jira access to firt-steps doc. (#32)
openedx/tcril-onboarding: docs/source/first-steps.rst

from Jira. Use the grid of nine dots in the upper left corner to switch between
Jira and Confluence.

> You'll also need to get yourself added to the ``TCRIL`` Atlassian Group.  `File

Reviewer: Since these instructions are meant for all 'krillers, does it make sense to have this under a "for engineers" section? or should we give all krillers this access?

Author: I think community managers and other people working with the Open edX Platform should also get this level of access.  Though we can refine this if we find that it doesn't make sense for everyone in the future.

an issue`_ to get yourself access.  Sample Text::

    Hello,  I just joined the tCRIL engineering team and would like to be added
    to the `TCRIL` Atlassian Team.

.. _File an issue: https://github.com/openedx/tcril-engineering/issues/new?assignees=&labels=github-request&template=04-systems-request---uncategorized.yml&title=[GH+Request]+tCRIL+Jira+Group+Access

.. warning::

   Your new level of access will let you change the visibility of pages.

>    Actually doing so is a tricky legal matter though so don't make private

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Making private pages public is a tricky legal matter though so don't make them
```

>    pages public unless you've spoken with the team first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public unless you've spoken with the team first. Archiving pages is OK.
```
